well I am here at gift the rift which is
a vent put on by Swami oh yes
I'm not obligate contractually to say
that I just want to say it yeah
yes charity event and I'm joined right
now by SCARA who again is that a charity
event just in case you didn't know that
to talk a little bit about how things
are going with you how are things going
with you
well I felt like since generally my play
is described like a charity where I just
give away stuff for free all the time I
felt like this is a really easy event
for me to like kind of get along with it
which is what happened today I think
great yeah
but not less me and one of my team I
think my team averaged double digit
deaths for everyone but me and so it's
weird coming in and saying I fed the
least but you know what not the soup
kitchen today
captain flowers and I were on the caster
I was hosting who's casting whatever it
was and I you know after that first game
we were like I don't know if noon is
very good and then in the second game
panther dragon was like wrecking
everyone with nunu and we were like
whole noon who seems pretty good so what
happened in that first guy did pants go
Phillippi or did yeah okay so I would
just say the first game everyone lost
except for my mid lane and I was just
like what's going on you know so like
when your lanes loses a juggler like
sometimes a little bit difficult and I
don't blame my team you know I blamed my
inability to see the matrix to be able
to find like you know the one game that
would have worked you know I tried and I
want to say that like I was one of the
positives of that and then eventually
like the way I see a pinion is if you
don't get a lead it's like they invented
the champion to be better at running in
down mid and actually they did it in
such a good way that's fun to do it and
so ride actually can change the formula
now so it's like every nunu wants to go
AP and just run it down and I just took
that to heart
yeah cuz we we had cuz yeah so and
haizen dog made a bet did you hear about
this yeah I heard about this and I
didn't realize how okay so the events
like these are always really worried cuz
I don't know how to try hard people
gonna beat everybody says it's not gonna
be trying hard until people start
playing what okay literally we agreed
that was gonna be try hard the first
couple bands were the first game alone
the first couple bands against you most
team even with the battle in line word
like you know to kind of troll you know
I was like we ban League mo right yeah
something like exactly right and then
all of a sudden it's like wait
you started being like our team's like
only like we have NRT one trick if he
mainly plays re and they got their shake
it one trick they got their Thresh one
trick they're playing Lucian Thresh Lee
gets a person who doesn't play the bot
lane and then I'm just like wait you
guys are trying so hard like what does
go I play an AP near the other guys
playing his main shake I'm just like
what is going on actually like I had a
little bit of outside help because
science when I was here to support KP
and I asked him like well how do I
jungle better cuz I don't understand
that current say the jungle and I
haven't been able to understand it for
like I would say up until since skull oh
crap Elise
I've been really uncomfortable with it
and he told me this one thing that
actually made juggling so much easier
for me what is the thing this the
current jungle rewards golems a lot a
lot like you don't understand like your
routes should all be defined about where
Golem is so competitively it's a little
bit different but for soloqueue if you
do golems every golden spawn past the
first is worth more than that scuttle so
like literally golem camp is worth the
most on the map and once he told me that
he literally told me like just path into
golem just always remember to go home
and once he did that like our comms were
just like I'm doing golem camp I'll be
bottling in 1 minute and 45 seconds a
kiddy heard that was started fucking
laughing so funny but actually after he
told me that like I felt that like in
the game I was like oh like it actually
doesn't matter a lot and so yeah he
touched me a little bit well just so you
know highs and dong was putting you a
little on blast because he was he was
somewhat blaming you he was taking a lot
of ownership about the loss to Yasuo but
he was saying you weren't really helping
I mean it's hard to help when your lane
mate you know kind of feeds you know
it's like the recovery isn't as easy and
so like for me it's like why I try you
know I got the kill back like I tried to
shadow you and to be honest like as a
jungler it's not my job to make you look
good it's my job to make me look good
because he was saying that he told you
not to it worried about top lane and
that you went up there anyway
oh no he literally told me level to gank
this Lane and so I was like yeah like
I'm nunu I can't really do that but I'll
go there level three you know and I
thought
actually the game is the game for jungle
I tried it he stuff that was really
stupid and if it worked out it looked
funny
it's like it shouldn't turn ganks on the
losing lane and I tried to do that for
some of the games leasing game
especially I felt really far behind so I
tried doing that but although it's fun I
really like enjoyed the event how are
you doing otherwise I saw you put out a
hit piece on the Riot Games balance team
a while ago oh I felt like everyone was
doing that's so like when you're a
youtuber and like you're trying to like
you know do YouTube content you just
jump on the popular stuff right you saw
that recent stuck stuff where like you
train your dog to kind of it's a snoot
challenge training your dog to go
through the circle and Lily put a thing
about that I was just like well people
are liking them shitty alright every
week right now there's three hit pieces
on different riders on the front page
right now one of them saying write this
rider was extremely toxic and I read it
and it's literally just like this Yasuo
made do suck stay in bronze and I'm just
like are you are you serious I play with
like people who legit get permabanned
for what they do on a daily base every
jungler above Diamond will get banned if
that was what you got like if that was
extremely toxic you know well that
person it turns out they were if their
health was compromised by the way so it
wasn't even a right actually really
funny but in general I think that uh
there's a hate boner for Riot Games
right now and I didn't mean for my piece
to be like that and in retrospect I can
even talk more about why I feel the way
the ways I did on that video I heard
people haven't watched it essentially
it's like my problems with the game are
that I think that right the game in this
like I don't understand their balance
team essentially and I don't know
exactly what they're going for the TLDR
of the current situation because it was
a different situation when I put the
video out is that currently the state of
the game is essentially unbalanced of
all because riots current meta rewards
like strong like really strong early
game and it has like a really shitty mid
game like I think the pacing of the game
and I brought the saying on that really
explained this this week the pacing of
the game is off and so a lot of players
and them are just like not really
enjoying it and when you see the pacing
of a game like Nexus splits you know a
game that's paced super well it's the
end of 15 minutes you have a blast to
hold it if you're losing your fucking
enjoy it right and then you're gonna
play
League of Legends and the worst feeling
that's been more and more common but
people don't know exactly how to talk
about it it's a feeling that you're
losing and you don't know what to do and
usually if I'm losing I can
strategically see an option for me to do
that can let me back in the game and it
was possible early earlier but nowadays
it's not possible like unless I'm
significantly out skilling like like I'm
not there to be like okay you have to be
12 times in mechanical player as the
other mid lane and just force this fight
and dodge all the skill shots it's like
we're gonna go here when they go here
and we're gonna do like this shit and
when I get back in the game slowly I
can't do that anymore that doesn't exist
in the current state of the game and so
that the mid game is really bad and
potentially like it's just just trash to
be honest to play a lot of times if
you're on the losing team and so as a
losing team you constantly feel like you
don't have any kind of agency and you're
just waiting for the other team to mess
up and so commonly I try to run the
educational stream right there's been
this year more than not I've literally
just sat in the game and been like so
this is the position where I can't do
anything I'm waiting for them to mess up
and I actually had to constantly sit
back down after I I played those games
off stream and be like okay I've
actually done something outside of being
a better player can I've actually done
something and the answer multiple times
is no and I'm just like that's so
frustrating for me to try to explain to
viewers that like literally unless I'm
like I can go into their mind there's
nothing for me to do and it feels
extremely bad to say and so right now I
think they have a huge problem with
their game they recognize some of the
problems I've seen their preseason talk
I talked to riders you know like they
know what the problem is and some of the
times the fixes are just like I don't
agree with you know and I think that's
how the video came out it's like it's
like a long accumulation of why I
disliked the current meta and it sucks
that this current man that came out
after like the the wide variety of
changes forced like I guess we came off
a really terrible matter we came off the
autorun censor method from last season
super terrible to play like just
straight-up it was okay to watch
competitively terrible to play the first
season the first half of this play was
actually really good up until they added
skull oh crap I thought why this game is
in the great spot understand the jungle
perfectly I understand all this sure
there's less early game action but
there was a lot that you could do and a
lot that you could play and then they
add the scuttle crab and everything's
just completely fucked
cuz now the game is all based on like
how hard can you shove how hard can get
Lane priority on your lanes and all that
matters is that you have the pushing
lane and it feels really bad to be
honest and I'm just like here trying to
figure out how on earth do I try to play
a game where the game changed the point
where I feel like they just missed their
mark completely voyboy disagrees with
you
okay I'm not I'm just okay so I'm
curious to see what did he say
I don't know I saw a video where he or
he had a very long twit longer I think
oh though I saw the twit longer and a
lot of people like I wish I can remember
it off the top of my head but I think
that I in my video I talked about how
like Riots changes actually do kind of
increase I guess the biggest thing I
said in my video which did tone back a
lot on it was that the game itself has
such high early game damage that the
counter high early game damage you need
high defensive tools and that that
created a very very very low variance
game state every game state was the same
I can no longer get 20 CS leads or 30 CS
leads at best if I was winning mine I
get 10 or 15 and every game felt so
similar from that regard and that
allowed you to play anything cuz if
you're playing something with the
resolved tree with second win and orange
shield you're gonna be able to get
through lane regardless what the fuck
you play yes pretty much I had huge
problem was that even though it did
increase some competitive like some
picks you know like aftershock
Fiddlesticks became a big thing right
and the same thing that happened with
after like I just don't like the ring
system I think that like to balance ruin
system they would have neatly needed
more than a year to be able to do it and
that was a really bad thing to for them
to put in and they did it anyways and
the angle might be better than current
state but as we're going through this
state plus all the other bad things it
just feels extra bad and so like I just
disagree with people who who think that
the currency of the game is good I think
that at the very least the pacing issue
is really obvious and if you like a
system where like you like that there's
more damage and you don't need to
mechanically I'll play people
I don't mind it because I think that's
what a lot of people the biggest
argument they had they had for me what's
that but
I do however carry that like that's not
the problem
my biggest problem is like the mid-game
is just awful right now and like can
every recovery mechanisms back in the
game strategically don't really exist
that much well let's get insight from
you appreciate it that was question one
and like do you remember when you were
like Travis is it I heissen dong asked
me how long my interviews go and I said
you know they usually cap about 10
minutes and you said well that's that's
BS mind it went way longer my interviews
have never gone below 10 minutes ever on
Travis cafard scan for Doc Alfred I
don't know if they have that dot-com
Gigi l know exactly your website Travis
can 4.com okay well I'm trying to like
make him more edgy you know I heard
right tried to do that too and so I'm
hoping that like you can kind of you
know work with that you know I do have
to get back to this event because I
think I'm supposed to interview somebody
in a moment on stream that was like
three questions I just you know it's
getting I'm worried because if I'm not
available they're gonna they're not
gonna pay me you know and we need to
make that happen are you not getting
paid for this is a charity event Travis
I can't believe well they're to pull me
they had to pull me away from c9 TSM to
be honest because you know TSM was free
dogs they were not actually I heard it
was a super close series I probably
watch a lot of the highlights
essentially individual games I'm really
sad that I ended up missing part of the
series for this game but you know I'm
super happy golden gluon like he's been
the guy look at that I'm like this guy
is hustled forever he is native in a
time I remember him when he was drooling
on himself eating K barbeque for the
first time with with Dignitas it was
actually so funny and then like from
that moment to get to the point where
like he won you know what should we call
it na LCS semifinals gosh made it - he
helped cloud9 make it to final it feels
like it's a finals right is a great
story like I'm so impressed and the rest
of the team they play World of Warcraft
so I don't really see how you can
compete against that yeah that's true I
know I tweeted that as well because I
like gold and glue a lot Graceland seems
like such a nice guy and it was painful
for me to see like such a nice guy
flame so hard because he consistently
underperformed for a long time it seems
like really over the course display he's
been able to figure it out I think he's
just hard work and you know I respect
that a lot I think hard work for me has
always been more than anything else and
I think he is like the epitome of
someone that like I would classify as
like he didn't really give up even
though there are times where he told me
that like it fucking sucked to be a mid
laner in this region they're like it
looks like really super awful like
because of X or Y and I think that he's
always been stuck in there and he's
always stuck in there and so I think
that I'm really proud of him honestly
that's good anything that you want to
say about this event your involvement
anybody who watched this good time it
was a lot of fun you know honestly their
house from my hair it is much cheaper
than ours and like super nice like in
the middle nowhere yeah it is like it
down the middle of nowhere but it's
really really nice beyond the summit
house for those that don't know okay
because the league people don't they'll
have to google it they don't know all
right okay that's so I think it was a
pretty good run event and I think that
like it shows they've run events in the
past because usually what I'm doing
stuff events like this the weddings
happening is like well you know they
don't really understand how they do
production and like there's production
problems when you started this precious
barbels over here but here I think that
everything was done very well I think
that you know it was it was good it was
really nice you know I think just in
general it's been a while so I've done
like an event with many people and
generally League of Legends streamers
are very harmony you know they just
stream all day and for this many people
come out I was really impressed not only
with the size of swarming has pockets
but also with the actual like just that
people would do it like because there's
some people that we crawl this the money
you pay don't actually won't leave but I
think that they all saw that everyone
else is coming like I wasn't even I I
was in a position where like I was like
can I see who's coming when I saw the
list I was like oh my god you got cutie
you got pokey Lilly you got fucking
highs on KP you got this one guy he's
Brazilian streamers who I didn't even
know of - I saw the sawfish his name is
Shiva right he is Jack like I don't know
how else to say I hope that's a
compliment this guy's could be a mr.
Olympia next week in Las Vegas he is
unbelievably ji oh my god he like I did
not feel good sitting next oh yeah I
mean I was worried for keyd you know
like he started yelling would you yell
with him because we didn't we don't want
to be hurt you know so like it was cool
if he saw anything about kiddie stream
this week it was so funny actually well
anyway I had a good time too I it's it's
really cool to see them do this and by
the way it's a hundred thousand dollar
charity event so that's why you said the
depth of their pockets not just in
bringing people out but also just the
money they're donating to charity right
and to be honest I'm I swear to god
charity is not required for me to say in
this interview I just want you can check
out the rest of my coverage of all the
things these sports right here on my
youtube channel
behind me is a giant valley a giant
valley that I have behind me because I'm
at gift the rift which is being put on
by Swami oh shout out to them but back
to the valley this is a value that one
day Travis cafard industries could just
own could have all this but it requires
your help you guys sub to the YouTube
channel you got to follow me on Twitch
you gotta throw out twitch prime sub in
there if you want you got to click the
links of the description you got to show
your support so that we can grow Travis
cafard industries so they can own this
entire valley and then start to exact
the plans that I've been making for
quite some time I can't go into those
but all this could be Travis got foreign
industries with your support so just go
ahead and click the links below and
thanks so much